 ----> should not create > 1 input or output stream objects for a socket
 - it will hang if you try to do so.
 - Streams are stateful - when you read from a stream, you are reading from some position 
    in the stream, and by doing that you change the position.
 - If two things (like you're two wrapper ObjectInputStreams) are reading from the underlying 
    stream at the same time, they will both try to change the position within the stream, but
    neither one knows what the other is doing. So reading from one changes the position, and 
    then the other one expects the stream to be where it left it, but it is not.
 - Imagine you were getting this answer as words written on separate pieces of paper, being
    given to you one-by-one. But while you are reading the pieces of paper, somebody else is 
    taking some of them away before you have seen them - what you got would not make sense. 
    That is what is happening - one stream takes away parts of the data, and when the other 
    stream looks at the data again, some of it is missing, consumed by the other stream.
- Have one ObjectInputStream that reads incoming objects. If you want to publish those objects
    to multiple consumers, create a collection of things to send the incoming objects to, and 
    iterate over them and pass the new object to each one.


CONSTRUCTORS AND INHERITANCE : 
 - call super class constructor from base class using 'super' keyword
         (REFER Packet.java - PacketEmp and PacketMng classes)
 - NOTE : call to super must be first statement in constructor


 - if you are declaring constructors in a class, also declare an empty constructor - just in
   case you create an empty object.
   ( REFER Packet.java - all classes have an empty constructor defined)



UNREACHABLE STATEMENTS - statements that won’t get executed during the execution of the program are called Unreachable Statements. These statements might be unreachable because of the following reasons:

Have a return statement before them
Have an infinite loop before them
Any statements after throwing exception in a try block


 - export CLASSPATH=/home/learning/JAVA
 - give CLASSPATH = folder at 1 level higher than the one that contains the package


 In Java, the java.lang.NullPointerException is thrown when a reference variable is 
 accessed (or de-referenced) and is not pointing to any object. This error can be resolved 
 by using a try-catch block or an if-else condition to check if a reference variable is 
 null before dereferencing it.


 // to-do (after my assign 2 presentation):
   1. use hashtable for storing login credentials :     static Hashtable<String, String>authen = new Hashtable<>();
   2. write comments in code

// to-do (tom):
   1. Practice presentation
   2. Make list of things
   3. Decide format of inputs 
   4. Change color of vscode editor  -- done
   5. remove the comments/ prev code

